Link to codepen project: https://codepen.io/sonileituala/pen/LYpYaQW


Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Gives meaning to the code so that it is easily read and interpreted
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Tag and give markup meaning, so that it can achieve style? 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    It is used in CSS to give style to a selector
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is the biggest of headers and should only be used once on a page. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
anchor tag and class tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <header> </header>
    7. What is an id? 
    It is what you use if using a class doesn't fit what you need.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    anything that a class can't accomplish
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
it allows us to select individual elements through a special attribute
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
any class, but there are times where one will take precedence
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    no limit, as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    use # before the id tag
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    one is semantic and gives meaning <section> and the other doesnt
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    it is how you style the tags that you put in html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    classes can be used multiple times. you'd use an id if a class isn't sufficient enough. You might use a class for section of a website like the main body
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    use a period . before the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    this is helpful when you don't have a set of elements but you still want to style them individually. a parent is the beginning of the section, and a child is anything after that
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used when you may not hsave a set amount of elements, but you still want to 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    margins or grid-row-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    font-variant: and enter what you want there. normal or caps.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div { 
        border-style: dotted black; 
        border-width: 1px
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    use the universal selector *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    command + ?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd command 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    enter ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    you enter rm into the command line. It is important to be careful because there is no warning before it removes forever. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    when you're working with a team you can use branches to do it
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    any time you update something important 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin soni-leituala
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Go to the project repository
Make sure you signed in to GitHub
Press the “Fork” button. It’s near the top of the repository to the right
Add your TLs as a collaborator. Go to Settings -> Manage Access and click “Invite Collaborator”. You can look up your TLs by their GitHub handles
Double check that you forked correctly. The Repo should say <yourGitHubHandle>/<projectName> near the top. Then click the green “Clone or Download” button and copy the url. 
Open up the terminal (Mac) or GitBash (PC) on your machine. 
Enter the command `git clone <url>` with the url you copied. There is now a local copy of the codebase on your machine. You may enter `ls` and should see the listed. 
Open that folder in your text editor of choice. 
Checkout a new branch using `git checkout -b <firstname-lastname>`
Complete the assignment, adding and committing as needed.
Push your changes to the remote copy using `git push -u origin <firstname-firatname>`
Click “New pull request” or the green “Compare & Pull request” button.
Make sure the base repository is “<yourGitHubHandle>/<projectName>” NOT “LambdaSchool/<projectName>”
Add your TLs as reviewers.
Submit the request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

